anybody now Franco
Oh
turn
ok
yeah Wow gun wow wow we're rolling right
now Oh 12 that's a group reading about
here they look Matt you got plenty of
video look at I hope about ready to come
out goliath grouper fishing on the fat
cat and there he is oh hello that pole
oh yeah you go around back red okay it's
recording just record this process
I want to bring back to my crew well we
didn't use their doors sir that probably
didn't crow I'm five six hundred pounder
okay incredible bit of basketball in
there we think now go real close cuz i
got to turn them around
that's it'll a seat back there right
there incredible I just want the videos
and let them go um this crew nice job
Kevin J come in Jeff Bradley there can't
beat it like we all had a hand on that
pole at one point haha finally got him
incredible little poll that was cracking
one poll nine on bunch of smiles on this
booth day 500 600 pound Goliath through
that's how you do Jim them all right
very good ahead an event management
killer
you